DESIGN CHOICES

How forboding

I will begin, simply with saying, I sincerely apologize for "server-side/templates/post_register.html" line 10 column 18. I had attempted to impliment a handshake method as the content script insertion executed after the html's js executed. However, for some reason, the  handshake threw security errors, so I defaulted to a 1 second delay to sync the extension and session storage. I hate this, I hate it so much, it does work, but it should definintly be improved after more research into chrome's extension storage security protocols.

On the topic of chrome extension storage, a massive rabbithole in this project was managing storage with user login state through the server-side application and the chrome extension. This paring functions mainly with a session user_id variable within the flask application, and an extension variable, stored within google chromes extension api. These variables are synced through login, logout, and registry. The reason behind user authentication is to log user activity and potentially impliment a billing system if this would be a public extension. Regardless, for this project, I kept everything local, and ensured that the system would all reside within the users computer to streamline testing (and also because I didn't want to buy a domain). I wanted the chrome extension to be functional, even when logged out, however, I still wanted to make the user register before using the extension, in order to record user numbers. Because of this, when the user logs out, rather than removing the user_id value within the chrome extension, the user_id variable is instead set to -1, which functions as a "guest" user id, to be used by whomever doesn't want to remain logged in. Because of this, after you have registered/logged into an account once, you are able to use the extension regardless of login status.

In terms of the chrome extension itself, it is simply a orange button contained in the bottom right of the page. I chose the bottom right as grammarly and other overaly extensions use a similar positioning for their extensions, leading me to believe that following the mainstream standard is likely the optimal solution for positioning. In the future, I would plan to make the button moveable, rather than relying on extension standards to be considered by the website developers. 

When the orange button is clicked, it sends an API call to the OpenAI database, which houses a custom tuned model I developed from the prompt structures found within "development/training3.jsonl". This is run through a babbage framework, increasing the cost effectiveness of the model, but reducing the fidelity of the output. When writing my code I made sure to make the model ID dynamic, to enable me to code a model selection system through the flask app, enabling users to switch model fidelity and fine tuning parameters. 

For the API logging functionality. I wanted to source the data for the training of a better, larger model, which will hopefully increase the accuracy of the model. The major problem with the current model is errors in response formatting. I hope to improve this by reinforcing the double bracket method by simply introducing more prompts to the training set.
